I have something exciting to share over
the past 15 years our show has received
many accolades Emmy Awards Writers Guild
Awards Critics Choice we've got an N
double ACP Image Award and we've
received more webbie's than any show
could ever want but there's one award
that has eluded not only us but every
show on television and that is the JD
Power award you probably noted JD Power
award is the gold standard for customer
satisfaction JD Power gives them to for
all kinds of products cars banks
wireless providers you name it but it
has never been awarded to a television
shown to me that didn't seem right I
can't win a JD Power Award because I'm
not an SUV I thought this was America so
we called JD power and we got a meeting
with their CEO his name is Dave
hamburger and I had a chat with Dave to
find out what it would take for me to
win this most coveted and prestigious of
all the awards there are hi Dave how are
you I'm doing well thanks thanks for
meeting with me is this your office no
this is uh I think a set on your show
well thanks again as you know I'm here
because I like our show to win a JD
Power Award you give this award to a lot
of different industries right we do
never a TV show never are you interested
in giving awards for television we have
no opinion we are independent we have a
data scientists who look at a market or
an industry and decided to rank those
those industries so oh great so really
if we serve our customers well we might
be worthy of the JD Power award that is
how you get a JD Power word correct
first of all I like to say I'm very
roomy my interior affordability I think
is an area in which we excel the show is
free if you come to see it live and it's
free if you watch it on television it's
free if you watch it on the Internet I
think the data has to support it
yeah okay so you would send team in to
evaluate us yeah what if the data
doesn't come out in our favor is there
anything we could do
say to
help that along you can open it when I
leave we we don't have an opinion and we
don't have any say in who wins the the
determination is the voice of the
customers do you think we could make
this happen because I really really very
much would like to win a JD Power Award
let's give it a try and have your staff
and customers evaluate evaluated with
their data scientists and see if if they
are truly satisfied I would love to be
evaluated thank you you're welcome
I'm gonna go out this fake door okay I'm
gonna look at some of my fake furniture
okay all right so that's Dave and I'm
very happy to say that for the last two
weeks we have been nice they sent two of
their top data scientists here to this
show to evaluate us to see if we measure
up to the JD Power standard of
excellence
how adequate and spacious did you find
the legroom during the taping how often
were you good by an insect I have was it
a scale one to five with five being the
highest how satisfied were you with your
bathroom experience five how would you
rate your overall experience compared to
that of other late-night programs that
have maintained a consistent hose for 15
years
five oh yeah so thinking about Jimmy's
performance tonight on the show would
you say it was not very reliable
somewhat reliable or very reliable very
reliable
[Music]
all right like you to welcome the
president of CEO of JD Power mr. Dave
have occur Dave come on
[Music]
[Applause]
I very much hope you have good news for
us here tonight Dave well Jimmy after
meeting with you and reviewing the data
from the research we conducted I'm proud
to inform you your customers are truly
satisfied Wow everyone at JD Power we
are proud to present the first and only
JD Power award for the most reliable
midsize late night talk show with the
same host for 15 plus consecutive years
- Jimmy Kimmel
[Applause]
what does it mean to be reliable the
dictionary says trustworthiness accuracy
outstanding performance but you know
it's much more than that
it's a sense that every time you step
inside you can rely on precision timing
sleek design flawless instrumentation
we pride ourselves on being American
made with a safety features of a small
foreign import for the 15th straight
year there's only one so dependable that
it's earned the right to make history by
becoming the very first on television to
be named JD powers most reliable
mid-sized late-night talk show Jimmy
Kimmel Live the first in its class to be
awarded the JD Power stamp of
reliability you can always count on us
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment